# Status Report for May 5, 2021

## Team Report

### Last Week Goals

- Continue setting up the Firebase
- Continue designing the UX of the Web App
- Start implementing the individual components in React to get the webapp
  functionalities
- Complete major components of the WebApp: Login, Dashboard, Group Creation,
  Group Search
- Start integrating third party chat api with our application
- Begin thinking about tests and CI’s

### Progress & Issues

- Set up CI and automated testing (major technical challenge)
- User authentication and group creation tasks are ready to check in.
- Majority of beta release components relatively finalized with the notable
  exception of styling
- Successfully integrated with Firebase for our groups and users model

### Future Goals

- Get styling done
- User creation workflow needs to create user in our DBO
- Search function not yet started
- Still need a solution to Firebase.js config issue
- Work on getting project ready for beta release assignment

## Contribution of Members

### Chris Yuen

#### Last Week Goals

- Complete framework and basic interface by 4/30 and have basic functionality by
  5/6.

#### Progress & Issues

- Decided to use existing CreateGroup interface elements to do search. No
  significant blockers/issues.

#### Future Goals

- Implement search functionality by end of this week, and have some means of
  displaying results and joinable groups by next week.

### Hritik Aggarwal

#### Last Week Goals

- Work on the UI and get more feedback on it.
- Work on creating JS classes for firebase data transfer.

#### Progress & Issues

- Worked on the UI (almost complete).
- Solicited feedback on UI from both the team and some of my friends in the
  field.
- Worked on the landing page and this should be ready to go soon. JS file is
  checked in and requires review.
- Created Github actions and CI

#### Future Goals

- Finalize the landing page JS file.
- Create a few example functions to update and fetch data from firebase.
  Refactor and touch up the Cl.
- Improve CI
- Start working on chat

### Ilya Kuksenko

#### Last Week Goals

- Integrate the popup window so that it records data in the Firebase database.
- Assist with implementation of the webapp design.
- Assist with integration of chat feature

#### Progress & Issues

- Integrated the popup window so that a user can enter preferences for a new
  group and the information is stored in Firebase database upon submission.
- Assisted with setup of Github Actions CI, and documented the process of
  setting it up.
- Small issues with time constraints to implement the chat/design.
- No major blockers other than those listed above

#### Future Goals

- Assist with implementation of the webapp design by adding major design
  components.
- Assist with integration of chat feature

### Pedro Pires

#### Last Week Goals

- Work with other members on the communication of the app with the database.
- Get creation and search of groups and users working

#### Progress & Issues

- Finalized database design with table relations and made a document with more
  detail on how it works as well as guidelines for the other members to follow
  when performing any actions.
- Finished classes for the web app so we can have a more standardized way of
  working with data records across the app.
- Finished the design for the profile and create a group page on figma.
- This week I was not able to put as much time as I had hoped for into the
  project because I had a midterm that I needed to study for.

#### Future Goals

- Finish a working prototype of the chat function.
- Work with other members to have all of the actions on the database working
  correctly (since it is a noSQL database, so it is trickier on insertion and
  deletion).

### Thorne Garvin

#### Last Week Goals

- Finish authentication with Firebase API and add screen for user account
  creation
- Start work on getting SAML auth working; maybe finished by next week or at the
  very least started

#### Progress & Issues

- Authentication with firebase API works and is merged into main.
- Also wrote a test to validate that the code works.
- Spent most of my time this week getting github actions working.
- SAML work not started.

#### Future Goals

- Style user login page
- Make user login page as supplemental component on other pages
- Integrate Firebase user creation workflow with our user entity
