# Status Report for May 12, 2021

## Team Report

### Last Week Goals

- Get styling done
- User creation workflow needs to create user in our DBO
- Search function not yet started
- Still need a solution to Firebase.js config issue
- Work on getting project ready for beta release assignment

### Progress & Issues

- All necessary functions integrated with database
- Basics of search function completed, group joining implemented
- Chat function implemented and working
- Some styling added, enough for beta release but more work needed for final

### Future Goals

- Finish search functionality (make current filters functional + add remainder)
- Continue work on app styling
- Work on creating tests for application

## Contribution of Members

### Chris Yuen

#### Last Week Goals

- Implement search functionality by end of this week, and have some means of
  displaying results and joinable groups by next week.

#### Progress & Issues

- Completed initial work on group search functionality.
- Due to my lack of familiarity with Javascript, I was unable to complete the
  search function on my own in time for the beta release, so other group members
  had to step in.

#### Future Goals

- Work on implementing remaining filters for search.
- Assist with other site functions if needed.

### Hritik Aggarwal

#### Last Week Goals

- Finalize the landing page JS file.
- Create a few example functions to update and fetch data from firebase.
  Refactor and touch up the Cl.
- Improve CI
- Start working on chat

#### Progress & Issues

- Finished landing page.
- Merged branches, refactored code, and reorganized routes so everything works
  as expected for beta
- Added styling to pages to give it a better feel

#### Future Goals

- Clean up design, add styling to chat/dashboard
- Write additional tests

### Ilya Kuksenko

#### Last Week Goals

- Assist with implementation of the webapp design by adding major design
  components.
- Assist with integration of chat feature

#### Progress & Issues

- Integrated core chat feature
- Shared responsibility to integrate feature for user to search and join a group
- Merged branches and approved pull request
- Issue: working last-minute on an unfinished “search” feature didn’t allow me
  to write some tests for components.

#### Future Goals

- Start writing tests for components
- Sharpen up the documentation and add any missing parts
- Improve group creation feature

### Pedro Pires

#### Last Week Goals

- Finish a working prototype of the chat function.
- Work with other members to have all of the actions on the database working
  correctly (since it is a noSQL database, so it is trickier on insertion and
  deletion).

#### Progress & Issues

- Helped Ilya with a prototype of the chat function
- Got all of the documentation for the database written in the doc - What to do
  in all of the scenarios the Database is being used as well as updating the
  documentation for the Chats table.
- Worked on some scss for the chat

#### Future Goals

- Add more reach functionalities to chat such as having messages sent by the
  current user on the right, and messages sent by the others on the right as
  well as having a bar on the side with all of the different chats someone is
  part of.
- Work on some more scss to reach the desired designs we have planned on figma.

### Thorne Garvin

#### Last Week Goals

- Style user login page
- Make user login page as supplemental component on other pages
- Integrate Firebase user creation workflow with our user entity

#### Progress & Issues

- Worked on top level Readme.md files.
- Assisted with implementing the group search functionality.
- Approved pull requests.

#### Future Goals

- Work on figuring out tests.
- Work on improving login/logout/create user functionalities.
