# Status Report for May 18, 2021

## Team Report

### Last Week Goals

- Finish search functionality (make current filters functional + add remainder)
- Continue work on app styling
- Work on creating tests for application

### Progress & Issues

- Added more tests for checking the functionality of the app.
- Worked on understanding the testing library more.
- Added more CSS styles to enhance the UI/UX of the app overall.
- Came together and finished writing the user and edeveloper guide to ensure
  consistency and ease accessibility.

### Future Goals

- Prepare the app for the peer review: ensure proper functionality and user
  experience
- Continue adding more tests for checking the functionality of the app.
- Continue improving the UI.

## Contribution of Members

### Chris Yuen

#### Last Week Goals

- Work on implementing remaining filters for search.
- Assist with other site functions if needed.

#### Progress & Issues

- Added remaining filters to search function, though one filter (Topics) is not
  yet functional at time of writing.

#### Future Goals

- Complete searching by topic
- Add further functionality to search
- Work on other parts of the application where needed.

### Hritik Aggarwal

#### Last Week Goals

- Clean up design, add styling to chat/dashboard
- Write additional tests

#### Progress & Issues

- Worked on adding more styles to the different components.
- Edited the main and developer guide to ensure consistency and correctness of
  information.
- Had blockers over the weekend, but now resolved.

#### Future Goals

- Work more on adding the tests for the app
- Add more styling to ensure users have a seamless experience.
- Help with finalizing search.

### Ilya Kuksenko

#### Last Week Goals

- Start writing tests for components
- Sharpen up the documentation and add any missing parts
- Improve group creation feature

#### Progress & Issues

- Started writing test for components
- Worked on improving documentation and making a user guide.
- No issues/blockers

#### Future Goals

- Continue writing tests for components.
- Maybe add return buttons/ side panel in chat window

### Pedro Pires

#### Last Week Goals

- Add more reach functionalities to chat such as having messages sent by the
  current user on the right, and messages sent by the others on the right as
  well as having a bar on the side with all of the different chats someone is
  part of.
- Work on some more SCSS to reach the desired designs we have planned on figma.

#### Progress & Issues

- Improved look of chat with some more SCSS
- Made the chat such that the current user's messages show up on the right side
  of the chat and other user's messages show up on the left side.
- Only blockers I have had are
  - picking back up CSS
  - getting more familiar with some SCSS functionalities that are helpful
  - Time as I had all of my midterms this week.

#### Future Goals

- Work more on improving the visuals of the chat
- Implement some more reach functionalities such as subsequent texts from the
  same person show up with no spacing in between.

### Thorne Garvin

#### Last Week Goals

- Work on figuring out tests.
- Work on improving login/logout/create user functionalities.

#### Progress & Issues

- Initial tests working (of surface-level stuff).

#### Future Goals

- Make more comprehensive tests and eliminate warnings from tests (concurrent
  act() calls warning, specifically).
- Prototype done for user information fill-in page.
