# Status Report for June 2nd, 2021

## Team Report

### Last Week Goals

- Finish writing tests
- Improve search functionality
- Improve chat window
- Allow users to add profile information
- Enhance styling

### Progress & Issues

- Continued writting tests, ran into issues of tests running on an infinite loop
  and going over the free limit od reads for our Firebase Database
- Improved and restyled the search functionality
- Improved styling on chat window and added sending a file other and minor
  functionalities
- Created profile screen in which users can add and edit their personal
  information

### Future Goals

- Work on the reflection for the project and do additional work on the project
  so it is production ready.

## Contribution of Members

### Chris Yuen

#### Last Week Goals

- Add further functionality and polish to search functionality and prepare for
  final release.

#### Progress & Issues

- Removed remaining restrictions on search and added a few minor features for
  additional flexibility.

#### Future Goals

- Complete reflections for class and do additional work on the project (if any)

### Hritik Aggarwal

#### Last Week Goals

- Shift to puppeteer for testing; write more filler tests; get design finalizes;
  fix some issues to finalize the project

#### Progress & Issues

- Finished adding tests; added a new search feature to follow the design
  aspects; added more css designs to create a better UX; added sorting
  functionality for search score

#### Future Goals

- Work on reflection for the project; wrap up the class; keep working on this
  project and make it production ready

### Ilya Kuksenko

#### Last Week Goals

- Finish end-to-end testing
- Relocate ‘Leave Group’ button to chat screen.

#### Progress & Issues

- Relocated ‘Leave Group’ button to chat screen.
- Added a feature to allow users to send files inside of chat.
- Integrated the tests to ‘almost’ work with Github Actions

#### Future Goals

- Work on reflection of the project
- Wrap up the class

### Pedro Pires

#### Last Week Goals

- Work on chat feature to make it better looking

#### Progress & Issues

- Worked on chat css as well as some more minor functionalities to chat. No
  blockers or any issues.

#### Future Goals

- Work on the reflection for the project. Continue working on the project if
  there is anything I can do to help

### Thorne Garvin

#### Last Week Goals

- Add feature so user can create profile information

#### Progress & Issues

- Worked on adding more tests

#### Future Goals

- Work on the reflection for the project
