# Status Report for April 21, 2021

## Team Report

### Last Week Goals

- Complete setup of Github repository.
- Create the React App and initialize it for easy local setup.
- Setup the Firebase database and server.
- Connect the app with Firebase.

### Progress & Issues

- Finished setting up Github.
- Exchanged mock-up ideas of Web App components within the team.
- Worked on ER Diagram to use it as a reference while setting up Firebase.
- Started learning how to talk with Firebase from within React.
- No issues/troubles.

### Future Goals

- Continue setting up the Firebase
- Continue learning how to talk to Firebase from React
- Continue designing the UX of the Web App
- Start implementing the individual components in React to get the Web App functionalities

## Contribution of Members

### Chris Yuen

#### Last Week Goals

- Get familiar with tools and brush up on languages
- Begin working on mockups and possibly coding for search function.
  - ETA: Mockup by 20th, basic functionality by 25th.

#### Progress & Issues

- Complete mockups for search and started refreshing/learning JavaScript/React.
- Need to gain additional understanding of how server systems work.

#### Future Goals

 - Start working on functionality/implementation
 - Continue to read up on JavaScript & React
 - Have some basic search functionality done by 25th.

### Hritik Aggarwal

#### Last Week Goals

- Create main react app and push it to GitHub.
- Setup basic `README.md`.

#### Progress & Issues

- Got things done over the weekend and didn’t have too much work
- No blockers / issues

#### Future Goals
- Setup Firebase - basic database access and basic auth - in the React App
- Continue working on the design for the app.


### Ilya Kuksenko

#### Last Week Goals

- Get familiar with Firebase and how data is inserted.
- Define base preferences for creating a group.
- Have a basic component that talks to database
  - able to check user credentials

#### Progress & Issues

- Learned how to use firebase api within React.
- Learned to create and work with a new branch in Git.
- Started working on CreateGroup component.
- No issues/blocks.

#### Future Goals
- Create a basic component to talk to database
- Create a popup window to input the preference functions
- Learn more git functionality



### Pedro Pires

#### Last Week Goals

 Get the Firebase started, and share it with all of the team.

#### Progress & Issues

- Got the Firebase started. 
- Created Database ERD.
- No blockers or issues.

#### Future Goals

- Work with other team members to integrate the firebase with the react app and start the firebase database.

### Thorne Garvin

#### Last Week Goals

- Refamiliarize with react and make a simple page that allows inputting username
  and password.
- Should talk to FireBase and be able to verify account existence and password
  correctness; passwords are in plaintext for now.
- Account entity kept as simple as possible. ETA: 1-1.5 weeks from now


#### Progress & Issues

- Prototyped authentication system on paper; planning to do the rest of the work this week.
- Honestly got less done than I wanted to but will cover for this during the week.

#### Future Goals

- Concrete-ize the design of the page.
- Firebase API code in place. Actually tries to talk to DB.
- Account entity fully modeled. ETA: 1 week from now (4/20)
