# Status Report for April 28, 2021

## Team Report

### Last Week Goals
- Continue setting up the Firebase
- Continue learning how to talk to Firebase from React
- Continue designing the UX of the Web App
- Start implementing the individual components in React to get the Web App functionalities

### Progress & Issues
 - Finished setting up Firebase and React api to talk to firebase. 
 - Continued to implement the UX design. Formalized the architecture and design of the software. 
 - Implemented more than 60% of key components of the WebApp (i.e. Login screen, Group Creation, Group Search). 

 - Key issue/deliberation: should we use Firebase api to directly store information in the database or do we need an intermediate server to make things go smoother?
 
### Future Goals
 - Continue setting up the Firebase
 - Continue designing the UX of the Web App
 - Start implementing the individual components in React to get the webapp functionalities
 - Complete major components of the WebApp: Login, Dashboard, Group Creation, Group Search
 - Start integrating third party chat api with our application
 - Begin thinking about tests and CI’s

## Contribution of Members

### Chris Yuen

#### Last Week Goals

 - Start working on functionality/implementation
 - Continue to read up on JavaScript & React, have some basic search functionality done by 25th.

#### Progress & Issues

 - Read up on Firebase/JS/React documentation, but little coding work was done. 
 - Delayed by waiting on other components, but that should no longer be an issue.

#### Future Goals

 - Complete framework and basic interface by 4/30 and have basic functionality by 5/6.

### Hritik Aggarwal

#### Last Week Goals

 - Setup Firebase - basic database access and basic auth - in the React App; 
 - Continue working on the design for the app.

#### Progress & Issues

 - Dashboard and PanelView designed along with finding a color scheme to fit the app. 
 - Merged commits. 
 - Setup react routes and basic firebase auth check. 
 - No blockers / issues

#### Future Goals

 - Work on the UI and get more feedback on it. 
 - Work on creating JS classes for firebase data transfer.

### Ilya Kuksenko
 
#### Last Week Goals

 - Create a basic component to talk to database
 - Create a popup window to input the preference functions
 - Learn more git functionality

#### Progress & Issues

 - Learned more about git functionalities. 
 - Created a popup window for a user to input preferences and create a new group. 
 - Began implementation of a side panel to allow user see all of the groups they are a member of. 
 - Small issues with React syntax (i.e. working with setState)

#### Future Goals

 - Integrate the popup window so that it records data in the Firebase database.
 - Assist with implementation of the webapp design.
 - Assist with integration of chat feature

### Pedro Pires

#### Last Week Goals

 - Work with other team members to integrate the firebase with the react app
 - Start the firebase database

#### Progress & Issues

 - Updated design and created the firestore database
 - Helped work on some of the design for the apps interface

#### Future Goals

 - Work with other members on the communication of the app with the database. 
 - Get creation and search of groups and users working

### Thorne Garvin

#### Last Week Goals

 - Concrete-ize the design of the page
 - Firebase API code in place. Actually tries to talk to DB
 - Account entity fully modeled. ETA: 1 week from now (4/20)

#### Progress & Issues

 - Got a page in place to support user login
 - Got most of the Firebase API code in place

#### Future Goals

 - Finish authentication with Firebase API and add screen for user account creation
 - Start work on getting SAML auth working; maybe finished by next week or at the very least started
